EC-84: Revise Configuration, Customers, eContent, Login and Logging (#5)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/customers/customers_api/configuration_for_customer_data.md

# Configuration for customer data

> ## User Groups for private and business customer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## User Groups for private and business customers
```

To separate business and private users in one installation, there are two User Groups in the "Shop user" group.
You can configure those groups using `user_group_location.business` and `user_group_location.private`
in `app/config/ecommerce_parameters.yml`:

``` yaml
siso_core.default.user_group_location.business: 385
siso_core.default.user_group_location.private: 388
```

## Timeout for ERP updates

> The shop checks how old the customer data stored in the session is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The shop checks the age of the customer data that is stored in the session.
```

If it is too old (past timeout) the shop fetches the data from the ERP again.

The default timeout is configured in `EshopBundle/Resources/config/default_values.yml`:

``` yaml
# the timeout in seconds, how long the remote data is valid (default 600s = 10m)
silver_customer.config.default_values.remote_validation_timeout: 600
```

## Default handling for VAT

> In configuration you can define VAT handling rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define VAT handling rules in configuration.
```

If `isPriceInclVat` is set to `true`, the customer always sees prices including VAT.

> For B2B shops the handling can be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For B2B shops, the handling can be changed.
```

You can override the setting per customer if required (e.g. if the ERP provides this information per customer).

> In some cases the customer does not have to pay VAT at all (for example for shopping abroad).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases the customer does not have to pay VAT at all (for example, for shopping abroad).
```

``` yaml
ses.customer_profile_data.isPriceInclVat: true
# if set to false, VAT is set to 0.0
ses.customer_profile_data.setHasToPayVat: true
```

## Working with contact data

### Fetching of the customer contact data

You can configure when customer contact data is fetched:

- `onPreEvent`: contact is requested before requesting customer data
- `onPostEvent`: contact is requested after requesting customer data
- `disabled`: disable selecting contact before/after requesting customer data 

``` yaml
silver_customer.config.default_values.select_contact_mode: "onPostEvent"
```

##### Set up the contact number

> The contact number should be set up in the Back Office, in the `contact_number` Field of a User Content item,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the contact number in the Back Office, in the `contact_number` Field of a User Content item,
```
